feat/swap-deleg (#219)
Zilliqa/staking-contract: README.md

| `CompleteWithdrawal` | `initiator : ByStr20` | This is to be called after the delegator has called `WithdrawStakeAmt`. `initiator` is the address of the delegator. The transition processing all the pending withdrawals as recorded in `withdrawal_pending`. Only those pending requests for which the bonding period has expired will be processed. Upon success, all the funds get transferred from the contract to the `initiator`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |
| `ReDelegateStake` | `ssnaddr: ByStr20, to_ssn: ByStr20, amount: Uint128, initiator: ByStr20` | To re-delagate the stake from a SSN to another SSN. `initiator` is the address of the delegator. `ssnaddr` is the original SSN, `to_ssn` is the new SSN the delegator wants to delegate to. The re-delegate amount is specificed by `amount`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

> | `RequestDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20` | Creates a request to another delegator to indicate in transferring all existing stakes, rewards, etc to this new delegator. `initiator` is the address of the delegator who wants to transfer his/her stakes. `new_deleg_addr` is the address of the recipient that would be receiving all the staked amount, rewards, pending withdrawals .etc. of the `initiator` (original owner). The `initiator` is allowed to change the recipient by sending the request with another `new_deleg_addr`. The `initiator` can also revoke the request via `RevokeDelegatorSwap`. On the recipient end, the `new_deleg_addr` can either `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` to accept the swap or `RejectDelegatorSwap` to reject the swap. One caveat is that the `initiator` is not allowed to make a request to `new_deleg_addr` if there is an existing request made by `new_deleg_addr` to the `initiator`; ie, if there exists a `A -> B` request, then `B` cannot make a request to `A` unless `B` accepts or rejects the existing request first. However, `B` can make other swap requests to other delegators. **Change is irreversible once the recipient accepts the swap request, please be cautious of the `new_deleg_addr`.** | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RequestDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20` | Creates a request to another delegator to indicate transferring all existing stakes, rewards, etc., to this new delegator. `initiator` is the address of the delegator who wants to transfer his/her stakes. `new_deleg_addr` is the address of the recipient that would be receiving all the staked amount, rewards, pending withdrawals, etc., of the `initiator` (original owner). The `initiator` is allowed to change the recipient by sending the request with another `new_deleg_addr`. The `initiator` can also revoke the request via `RevokeDelegatorSwap`. On the recipient end, the `new_deleg_addr` can either `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` to accept the swap or `RejectDelegatorSwap` to reject the swap. One caveat is that the `initiator` is not allowed to make a request to `new_deleg_addr` if there is an existing request made by `new_deleg_addr` to the `initiator`; i.e., if there exists a `A -> B` request, then `B` cannot make a request to `A` unless `B` accepts or rejects the existing request first. However, `B` can make other swap requests to other delegators. **Change is irreversible once the recipient accepts the swap request, please be cautious of the `new_deleg_addr`.** | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |
```

> | `RequestDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20` | Creates a request to another delegator to indicate transferring all existing stakes, rewards, etc., to this new delegator. `initiator` is the address of the delegator who wants to transfer his/her stakes. `new_deleg_addr` is the address of the recipient that would be receiving all the staked amount, rewards, pending withdrawals, etc., of the `initiator` (original owner). The `initiator` is allowed to change the recipient by sending the request with another `new_deleg_addr`. The `initiator` can also revoke the request via `RevokeDelegatorSwap`. On the recipient end, the `new_deleg_addr` can either `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` to accept the swap or `RejectDelegatorSwap` to reject the swap. One caveat is that the `initiator` is not allowed to make a request to `new_deleg_addr` if there is an existing request made by `new_deleg_addr` to the `initiator`; i.e., if there exists a `A -> B` request, then `B` cannot make a request to `A` unless `B` accepts or rejects the existing request first. However, `B` can make other swap requests to other delegators. **Change is irreversible once the recipient accepts the swap request, please be cautious of the `new_deleg_addr`.** | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Author: Already updated, this is a outdated readme

> | `RequestDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20` | Creates a request to another delegator to indicate transferring all existing stakes, rewards, etc., to this new delegator. `initiator` is the address of the delegator who wants to transfer his/her stakes. `new_deleg_addr` is the address of the recipient that would be receiving all the staked amount, rewards, pending withdrawals, etc., of the `initiator` (original owner). The `initiator` is allowed to change the recipient by sending the request with another `new_deleg_addr`. The `initiator` can also revoke the request via `RevokeDelegatorSwap`. On the recipient end, the `new_deleg_addr` can either `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` to accept the swap or `RejectDelegatorSwap` to reject the swap. One caveat is that the `initiator` is not allowed to make a request to `new_deleg_addr` if there is an existing request made by `new_deleg_addr` to the `initiator`; i.e., if there exists a `A -> B` request, then `B` cannot make a request to `A` unless `B` accepts or rejects the existing request first. However, `B` can make other swap requests to other delegators. **Change is irreversible once the recipient accepts the swap request, please be cautious of the `new_deleg_addr`.** | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Author: Already updated, this is a outdated readme

| `RevokeDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20` | Revokes a swap request. This is used only by the `initiator` who has made an existing swap request and wishes to cancel it. |  <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

> | `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, requestor: ByStr20` |  Accepts a swap request from a requestor. `initiator` is the new delegator that would be inheriting all the staked amount, withdrawals, rewards from `requestor`. `requestor` is the delegator who has initiated a swap request via `RequestDelegatorSwap`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Author: Already updated, this is a outdated readme

> | `ConfirmDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, requestor: ByStr20` |  Accepts a swap request from a requestor. `initiator` is the new delegator that would be inheriting all the staked amount, withdrawals, rewards from `requestor`. `requestor` is the delegator who has initiated a swap request via `RequestDelegatorSwap`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Author: Already updated, this is a outdated readme

> | `RejectDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, requestor: ByStr20` | Rejects a swap request from a requestor. Once rejected, the requestor must create the swap request again. `initiator` is the new delegator that would be inheriting all the staked amount, withdrawals, rewards from `requestor`. `requestor` is the delegator who has initiated a swap request via `RequestDelegatorSwap`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RejectDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, requestor: ByStr20` | Rejects a swap request from a requestor. Once rejected, the requestor must create the swap request again if he/she wishes to revert the rejection. `initiator` is the new delegator that would be inheriting all the staked amount, withdrawals, rewards from `requestor`. `requestor` is the delegator who has initiated a swap request via `RequestDelegatorSwap`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |
```

> | `RejectDelegatorSwap` | `initiator: ByStr20, requestor: ByStr20` | Rejects a swap request from a requestor. Once rejected, the requestor must create the swap request again if he/she wishes to revert the rejection. `initiator` is the new delegator that would be inheriting all the staked amount, withdrawals, rewards from `requestor`. `requestor` is the delegator who has initiated a swap request via `RequestDelegatorSwap`. | <center>:x:</center> | :heavy_check_mark: |

Author: Already updated. This is an outdated readme.

|`WithdrawStakeAmt(ssnaddr: ByStr20, amt: Uint128)` | `WithdrawStakeAmt(ssnaddr: ByStr20, amt: Uint128, initiator : ByStr20)`|
|`CompleteWithdrawal()` | `CompleteWithdrawal(initiator : ByStr20)`|
|`ReDelegateStake(ssnaddr : ByStr20, to_ssn : ByStr20, amount : Uint128)` | `ReDelegateStake(ssnaddr : ByStr20, to_ssn : ByStr20, amount : Uint128, initiator : ByStr20)`|

> | `RequestDelegatorSwap(new_deleg: ByStr20)` | `RequestDelegatorSwap(initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RequestDelegatorSwap(new_deleg_addr: ByStr20)` | `RequestDelegatorSwap(initiator: ByStr20, new_deleg_addr: ByStr20)` |
```
